README.md, before:

# ScreamNetworking [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/master/LICENSE) [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.svg)](https://github.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/releases/latest)


[![Travis](https://api.travis-ci.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking)
[![Codecov branch](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/master.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/branch/master)

![Swift 4.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-4.1-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![Swift Package Manager compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift%20Package%20Manager-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://swift.org/package-manager/)

A robust and performant Swift 4.1 implementation of [RFC6570](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570) URI Template.  Full Level 4 support is provided.

## Getting Started

### Manual
Static Library and Dynamic Framework targets are provided for iOS, MacOS, tvOS, and watchOS; integrate them as you normally would.

### Carthage
Add `github "SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking" ~> 0.1` to your Cartfile

### Swift Package Manager
Add `.package(url: "https://github.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.git", from: "0.1.0")` to your package.swift dependencies

## Usage

TODO

Commit message:

End-to-End Framework
Supports GET request to a hardcoded URL responding
with a JSON payload

README.md, after:

# ScreamNetworking [![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/master/LICENSE) [![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.svg)](https://github.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/releases/latest)


[![Travis](https://api.travis-ci.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking)
[![Codecov branch](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/master.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking/branch/master)

![Swift 4.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/swift-4.1-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)
[![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)
[![Swift Package Manager compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift%20Package%20Manager-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://swift.org/package-manager/)

A HTTP Networking library in Swift 4.1

This project is under active development and isn't production-ready.

We currently only support performing a GET request to a hardcoded URL that responds with a JSON payload.
More coming soon.

NB: essentials.swift is likely to become it's own library in future

## Getting Started

### Manual
Static Library and Dynamic Framework targets are provided for iOS, MacOS, tvOS, and watchOS; integrate them as you normally would.

### Carthage
Add `github "SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking" ~> 0.1` to your Cartfile

### Swift Package Manager
Add `.package(url: "https://github.com/SwiftScream/ScreamNetworking.git", from: "0.1.0")` to your package.swift dependencies

## Usage

TODO
